Brad K Rica 88 on Twitter what was your
reaction to Patricia Arquette's Oscar
acceptance speech about wage equality in
Hollywood well listen Patricia is a
brass tacks old-school feminist and I
have so much respect for her and I think
it's about time I mean you know she's
right
you see there's it's all over the place
and here's let me give you example
people the movie business is such a boys
club it's on this I have been making
movies for 30 years I probably made over
40 movies and this is the first time
this year is the first time I've ever
been directed by a woman you know and
people people think that this gender
equality has happened but one it's
fascinating having three daughters and
seeing the world through their eyes it
really does turn you into a feminist
watch new episodes of Larry King now
Monday Wednesday and Friday on demand on
aura TV and Hulu